Apartment Atrocity

Level
6
NPCs
Landlord, Downstairs Neighbor, Cock Le Doody, Pizza Golem
Previous Mission	Next Mission
Mall Madness	Seaside Shock
Apartment Atrocity is the sixth mission within Cruelty Squad.

"Now you've done it you freak shit. You've fucked up. You're being tracked by the grid. The eye in the sky is watching. We're coming for you. Prepare to die."

Contents
1 Mission
2 Walkthrough
2.1 Hope Eradicated
3 Loot
4 Enemies
4.1 Standard Enemies
4.2 Hope Eradicated Enemies
4.3 Weapons
5 Fish
6 Trivia
7 Gallery
Mission[]
"kill your landlord and escape."

Walkthrough[]
Apartment Atrocity takes place in the apartment building of the Protagonist, who is being tracked down by his own employers and the police. The target of this level is the Protagonist's landlord.

Incredible PC game bundle, from $10

The level begins inside the Protagonist's apartment. Not much can be found within the apartment, besides healing pickups. The front door will be busted down by hostile Cruelty Squad NPCs, who are very strong and very dangerous. Once they are fought through, the rest of the apartment complex is available for exploration. The target of the mission is the Protagonist's landlord, who is located in a room near the beginning. Simply walk out of the starting apartment and head right, and follow the hallway. When interacted with, he explains that he called the police on the protagonist because he was late on rent. The level has three exits, all of which are reached by getting out of the building: the large tunnel on the main street with the police barricade; a small tunnel in the alley to the right of that; and another small tunnel in the back alley behind the main building. Getting out of the building can be done in many ways, including through windows, through the roof, through a garage, or simply through the front door.

There are four floors to the building, interconnected by one spiral staircase. Each floor has a hallway and a room attached to them. There is also an attic-like area to the side of the protagonist's apartment that has about twenty fleshrats, but leads to the back alley exit. No floor has anything particularly special, besides the floor directly under the protagonist's, which houses a Stern AWS 3000, which can be used to assassinate law enforcement on the street below. The bottom floor leads out to the front entrance as well as a large maze-like area covered in doors. The door maze leads to the back alley exit, and can also be accessed through the roof. The main exit, and street leading to it, have dozens of enemies using various weapons, and two Necromechs. A good strategy is to use the Stern AWS 3000 on the third floor of the building to kill as many police as you can, as the weapon doesn't have enough ammo to kill both Necromechs.

Hope Eradicated[]
In Hope Eradicated difficulty, there is one extra target and many additional enemies. Additional enemies include Shocktroopers, Darkworlders, more Cruelty Squad enemies, and a Sniper on the outer edge of the map, looking down upon the street. The additional enemy is a unique yellow Golem, who is found in the roof entrance to the door maze. If a weapon without armor piercing is brought, the Shocktrooper's Stern M17 or the Necromechs' AMG4s may be used.

Loot[]
Finishing Apartment Atrocity will award the player $3,000.

Enemies[]
Standard Enemies[]
Security
Security Grunt
Cruelty Squad (Enemy)
Cruelty Squad Agent
Cult of Order Police Department
Revolver Cop
Cult of Order Police Department
Shotgun Cop
Security
Security
Security, Redefined
Elite
Flower
Flower
Necromech
Necromech
Fleshrat
Fleshrat
Knifer
Knifer
Dog
Dog
Hope Eradicated Enemies[]
Cult of Order Police Department
Sniper Cop
Golem
Golem
Darkworlder
Darkworld Grunt
Shock Trooper
Shock Trooper
Psycho
Psycho
Pizza Golem
Pizza Golem
[Hostile Target]
Weapons[]
The level is home to various weapons, thanks to the variety of humanoid NPCs within. Necromechs use the AMG4, Cruelty Squad enemies use the Precise Industry AS15, Security uses the K&H R5, and the Cult of Order PD uses the Balotelli Hypernova and the New Safety M62. Additionally, there is a Stern AWS 3000 located within the level. While none of these weapons are first seen in this mission, they are very easy to obtain within, especially the Precise Industry AS15 and the Stern AWS 3000. On Hope Eradicated, you can additionally obtain the Stern M17 and BN-99 from Shocktroopers and Darkworlders, respectively.

Apartment Atrocity has no secret equipment or implants.

Fish[]
Fishing is possible on Apartment Atrocity using the pool of water beneath the fleshrat room, but fishing here has no special fish and is overall unnecessary. There are only two fish that can be caught:

Fish
Dead fish