Idiot Party

Level
10
NPCs
High Priest, Second Target, Pure Optics Advertiser
Previous Mission	Next Mission
Casino Catastrophe	Office
Neuron Activator (secret)

"It's that time again. The elites from all over the world gather at the Rothenburg Fortress and wear their stupid rubber suits and masks. Don't you think it would be really funny if you went there and killed them all? Just fucked them up completely. Imagine their faces behind those masks if you gored their high priest right in front of them. Oh my god. You should really do it don't you think? I mean why not. It would really make your day. They're automatons. They have no souls. Think about it."

Contents
1 Mission
2 Description
3 Enemies
3.1 Standard Enemies
3.2 Hope Eradicated Enemies
4 Weapons
5 Implants
6 Secret Missions
7 Fish
Ad: (12)
2
Powered by AnyClip
Privacy Policy
Honest Game Trailers | God of War: Ragnarök
Mission[]
"ACQUIRE CONTROL UNLIMITED POWER"

Description[]
<coming soon>

Enemies[]
Standard Enemies[]
Rubber Cult
Rubber Grunt
Rubber Cult
Rubber Sniper
Hope Eradicated Enemies[]
Psycho
Psycho
Darkworlder
Darkworld Grunt
Golem
Golem
Darkworlder
Darkworld Heavy Weapons
Shock Trooper
Shock Trooper
Weapons[]
Some guards carry the Spectacular Dynamics MCR Carbine, the AMG4, or the Stern AWS 3000.

Security Systems Cerebral Bore Can be found in the bluish room on the third floor down by going over the invisible walkway.
Implants[]
The Tattered Rain Hat is just behind the main building and rear building, in a cave to the left. Be careful not to fall into the water, there is seemingly no way out without the Grappendix.

The Bouncy Suit can be acquired by going into the Priest's booth and kicking the glass above him, then jumping up into the corridor above the glass and going to the top of the stairs. Alternatively, the stairway can be accessed by an invisible path in the room full of pillars. The doorway appears to be floating in the middle of the bookshelves.

Secret Missions[]
The level Neuron Activator can be unlocked by going to the elevator on the bottom floor, riding it up to the locked door and opening it with Divine Link. On the other side is a small room with a worker and the painting to jump into.

Fish[]
Bororian
Agon
Creep
Eternity Slurper
Deltaforce