Neuron Activator

Level
Secret Mission 4
NPCs
Earl, Real Estate Flippers, Pig Target, Freak
Unlocked	Next Secret
Idiot Party	House
"The former public housing arcology in Helsinki has recently enjoyed bit of a housing market boom as a result of a biological weapons 'accident' wiping out 99% of the population. The new residents enjoy the rough, authentic vibe of the city and spend their nights partying in the former industrial district. The survivors of the depopulation incident and the relatives of the dead have successfully hosted a crowdfunding campaign to get rid of the key people behind their misery. It's rare for us to do this kind of thing for people of working class background but money, like love, is blind and based on transactions."


Contents
1 Mission
2 Description
3 Enemies
3.1 Standard Enemies
3.2 Hope Eradicated Enemies
4 Unlocking
5 Walkthrough
6 Weapons
7 Implants
8 Fish
9 Gallery
10 Trivia
Mission[]
"Execute the real estate flippers."


Ad: (0)
1
Powered by AnyClip
Privacy Policy
Honest Game Trailers | BioShock Infinite
Description[]

<Coming Soon>


Enemies[]
Standard Enemies[]
Security, Redefined
Nailer
Security
Security
Security
Security Grunt
Flesh Pig
Flesh Pig
Office Security
Office Grunt
Psycho
Psycho
Golem
Golem
Rubber Cult
Rubber Sniper
Knifer
Knifer
Fleshman
Fleshman
Cult of Order Police Department
Revolver Cop
Cult of Order Police Department
Shotgun Cop
Office Security
Office Security
Bioslave
Bioslave
Freak
Freak
Hope Eradicated Enemies[]
Darkworlder
Darkworld Heavy Weapons
Swamp Cult
Swamp Gasser
Pig Target (Neuron Activator)
Pig Target [Hostile Target]
Unlocking[]
In the level Idiot Party go to the elevator on the bottom floor, ride it up to the locked door and open it with the Divine Link. On the other side is a small room with a worker and the painting to jump into.

Walkthrough[]
The Tattered Rain Hat removes most of the darkness and flashing lights in the indoor sections of this map making it easier to identify enemies and navigate through the map.

There is a secret one-time $1,000,000 pickup hidden in the mission. Bring explosives like the HE Grenade implant and armour-piercing weapons like the Security Systems Anti-Armor Device to deal with the armoured Golems present. Head to the right at the start of the level to enter the bank building opposite the club entrance. Once the enemies are dealt with, the third room from the right leads down a long corridor connected to a vault that can be opened with explosives. The vault shelves contain about $10,000, and a small hidden indent in the corner of the room contains the $1,000,000 prize.

Weapons[]
Many enemies carry the Parasonic MP-1 Nailer.

Implants[]
Fish[]
You can fish outside of the club from a manhole, below the two elevated walkways. By following the flooded manhole passage you can also fish at the other end. Fish that can be caught:

Slurper
Fleshrat
Psychofish
Civilian
Trancer