Paradise

Level
2
NPCs
Chunkopop G-Tech Exec, Blue House G-Tech Exec, Qurpit G-Tech Exec, Fourth Target, Snirby
Previous Mission	Next Mission
Pharmakokinetiks	Sin Space Engineering
Darkworld (secret)

"We recently gave the goofood and biocomputing startup G-TECH a significant seed capital of around five billion dollars. We have also been helping them by supplying proprietary research data which it turns out they have been selling to our competitors for large sums of money. On top of this they have not produced any results and have wasted most of their funding on purchasing chunkopops and expensive properties at an elite gated community built on an ancient mass grave, which will soon hopefully have an addition of three fresh new bodies. Good luck."

Contents
1 Mission
2 Weapons
3 Description
4 Enemies
4.1 Standard Enemies
4.2 Hope Eradicated Enemies
5 Implants
5.1 Cursed Torch
5.2 Icaros Machine
6 Secret Missions
7 Fish
8 Dialogue
9 Trivia
Mission[]
Liquidate the G-TECH team

Ad: (11)
Skip Ad
Powered by AnyClip
Privacy Policy
Honest Game Trailers | God of War: Ragnarök
Weapons[]
The guards here wield Parasonic D2 Silenced Pistols, K&H R5s and K&H X20s.

There is a Security Systems Anti-Armor Device in the huge black building to the far right of the map, on the second floor on a table in one of the rooms. There is also a guard wielding one in the catacombs.

There is a Stern AWS 3000 you can get by going to the to the top of the building located on the opposite side of the map from spawn.

Guards in the catacombs wield BN-99s.

Description[]
<Coming Soon>

Enemies[]
Standard Enemies[]
Security
Security
Security
Security Grunt
Dog
Dog
Security, Redefined
Elite
Knifer
Knifer
Flower
Flower
Darkworlder
Darkworld Grunt
Darkworlder
Darkworld Heavy Weapons
Zombie
Zombie
Cult of Order Police Department
Revolver Cop
Cult of Order Police Department
Shotgun Cop
Hope Eradicated Enemies[]
Psycho
Psycho
Golem
Golem
Shock Trooper
Shock Trooper
Necromech
Necromech
Cloaked Gunman
Cloaked Sniper
Implants[]
Cursed Torch[]
Can be found underneath the closest house when you spawn. Be sure to bring a flashlight, and go into the basement with the flower beast, then through the holy door. Traveling through the darkened catacombs, take the first left, then go straight and follow the hall left into a room with two zombies. One may be inside a wall, either way you must walk through an illusory wall (on your right when you enter). Look down into the hole to make sure you fall on the wooden planks, and use them to reach the doorway at the bottom, avoiding the toxic water. The item will be on a strange altar just ahead.

Icaros Machine[]
Can be found in the wooden house on top of the rotating tower and spiked building. From the spawn point take the right fork in the road and go straight ahead, it'll be the first house on your right. The house can be reached using rocket jumps or the Grappendix. The item is simply laying on a table.

Secret Missions[]
The entrance to Darkworld can be found here, at the bottom of the catacombs. Enter under the first house on the left, go into the basement and through the holy door past the flower beast. Go down the hallway and take two left turns, then head down the large hole in the floor. You should fall into a room with two zombies, leave through the only exit. There should be a tunnel of skulls leading down and in, until you reach a bridge in the darkness, and an underground castle. The painting is inside the castle.

Fish[]
Poolsucker
Gloomoid
Brimstone
Human
Smallman
Nightfreak (may need Tattered Rain Hat, unclear)